# Interview an IT professional
Interviewee: Hui Zhang

Questions:

 
1. What is your IT job and what is it about? What type of work do you do?

Service Delivery & Assurance Manager, I manage the end to end provisioning and technical support for all products our company offers.

 
2. What is the industry you work in?  (Is it a software development company or is accounting/business analytics or something else?)

I work in the telecommunication industry.
 
3. Who are the different people you interact with?

I interact with the end users (our customers' customer), our customers, internal stakeholders as well as many service providers that we get services from.
 
4. What aspects of your work do you spend most of the time?

Complaints and escalations from external customers and internal stakeholders is what i spend the most amount of time on.
 
5. How has the IT industry changed when you first started working?

Everyone is moving from analogy (PSTN/ADSL) to digital services (VOIP/NBN)
 
6. What did you find the most challenging when you first entered the IT industry?

Gaining a foot hold without experience.
 
7. How long have you been working for this company and how do you feel about your career in general?

I have been working in multiple roles within the same company for over 10 years. I generally find that the telecommunication industry is growing in general and there are always opportunities to grow.
 
8. What sort of expectations should young adults have when entering the IT industry?

Do not aim to get the perfect role nor just look at the pay that is on offer. Experience at the start is worth vastly more than initial pay.
 
9. What advice would you give to young adults entering the IT industry?

Be open to taking roles where you get a larger exposure to different parts of the industry so you can see what you like better then you can focus on that going forward.
 
10. What do you love the most about your career?

It is never the same thing day in day out. Different problems come up and there are always different ways to resolve it. It is always a challenge and there is job satisfaction in leading teams that make an impact to peoples
